issue-3467 Add option to disable Network Policy Generation. (#5258)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster.adoc

The timeout for building new Kafka Connect images with additional connectots, in milliseconds.
This value should be increased when using Strimzi to build container images containing many connectors or using a slow container registry.

`STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` :: Optional, default `true`.

> The boolean value, controlling whether Strimzi should generate Network Policy files using the operator.

Reviewer: Maybe `Network Policy resources` is better than `Network Policy files`?

Author: Switched to better naming.

> `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` :: Optional, default `true`.
> The boolean value, controlling whether Strimzi should generate Network Policy resources using the operator.
> 
> By default, this is enabled, causing Network policies to be generated which allow Kafka connections between the relevant components involved.
> 
> However, if the user desires custom network policies, they may disable this generation and take the responsibility for maintaining connections between the components.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` :: Optional, default `true`.
Controls whether Strimzi generates network policy resources.
Network policies allow connections between Kafka components.

Set this environment variable to `false` to disable network policy generation. You might do this, for example, if you want to use custom network policies. Custom network policies allow more control over maintaining the connections between components.

```
